[Kotlin Sync] Support naming strategy for bson-kotlinx (#90)
mongodb/docs-kotlin-sync: source/whats-new.txt

The 5.4 driver release includes the following changes, fixes,
and features:

> - Adds support for converting field names to snake case during serialization. To

Reviewer: S: consider bumping this out into a "Serialization Features" subheading

> - Adds ``BsonConfiguration`` support for bson-kotlinx snake case conversion
>   during serialization. To learn more, see the
>   :ref:`kotlin-sync-serialization-snake-case-eg` on the Serialization page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds ``BsonConfiguration`` support in the ``bson-kotlinx`` package for snake case
  conversion during serialization. To learn more, see the
  :ref:`kotlin-sync-serialization-snake-case-eg` section in the Serialization page.
```
